Now, I just wanna set
up the basic commands.
They're not gonna do anything right now,
we're gonna do that later, and
actually have the commands do things.
But for now, we'll just set up the
commands that don't actually do anything.
So I have them all here, but
I'm just gonna write them out.
So let's think about all
the stuff we wanna do for a note.
I'm gonna get rid of this command here,
we don't need the curl one.
Instead I wanna make a command that
you can use for creating a new note.
So I'll call it new like this.
And it's going to take an argument called
the note or you can call it the content,
you can call whatever you want but
the actual note that you wanna pass.
So this will allow me to
go to say note new and
then pass in something like
this without the tags, right?
So we got the note,
I'm going to describe it,
I'm gonna say create a new note like this,
Oops, right, don't do that, thank you.
And then there's basically two
functions that come after this.
So it's four arguments.
So the first argument is the command you
want, followed by any arguments for that.
The second one is the description for
it, the third one is optional.
We won't use this for everyone, but
it's great for formatting things.
In this third function right here,
I'm gonna get another instance of yargs,
which is not the same yargs
as the one that we imported.
This one is scoped to this command,
so you have to use it.
You can call it the same,
it's fine to shadow it.
And I'm gonna return yargs.positional(
'note') like this, and
I'm gonna say its type is a string,
its description,
is the note to create, or the content.
You can call it wherever you want,
the content of the note
to create and, You can put
a default here too if you want but
we don't want a default, so we got that.
And then now here I'll get argv and
yeah we're not gonna do
anything with it right now,
we'll do that later but for
now we could just log it and
we could just say argv.note, and
we should be able to get something.
So this is basically saying get the note
argument, ensure its type string.
Here's the description for
if somebody asked for help,
and then this is like okay, someone called
that command, what do you wanna do?
Right now we're just logging in,
eventually we'll actually add a new note
somewhere, but for now we are just going to log it.
So to test that out, I can run that.
And you can see it does return back
the content that I put clean my room
because that's what I logged here.
All right, just so I can just tag
this just so we can see hello.
So this is a way better way to build a CLI
than what we were gonna do, which would have
been a bunch of if statements and regexs
everywhere, so this is much better.
Any questions on this or
how to like create the command?
Cool, well then we just have the other
ones that we can go through.
Actually, I do wanna add one more for
a note, I wanna add an option here.
So, it's an option or
options, there we go.
So I wanna add an option here,
I'm gonna call it tags.
So I wanna be able to tag
our notes with tags so
we can search by them if we want to or
however we wanna do it.
And that one's pretty easy,
you just add an option after a command and
you pass it an object.
Like this, and I can set an alias to t,
I'll show you what that means in a minute.
I can enforce the type to be string in
this case, and then put a description if
someone asks for help,
It'll tell you what the description is.
So now we have tags, and I'm able to
access those tags on the argv as well.
So what does that actually look like?
Well now if I go here, I can do
something like --tags like this and
I can parse in a string.
In this case, I can separate them by,
I'll say, for me, I'll do commas.
It doesn't matter, so
I can say this is work, this is serious.
This is whatever these are my
tags that I wanna add.
That's what an option is or
a flag is or an option.
And when we said alias t,
that just means we
could do like a shorthand like that or
maybe T or lowercase.
This means you could just one dash t or
you could do like two dashes and
you can spell the whole thing out,
every CLI does that.
They have an a list for all their flags.
I'm not cool enough, so I'll just do
the longhand one cuz when you see like
some command with like -t, -a,
-m, -v, I'm like, what is this?
Just spell it out,
I don't know any of this shit is, so
I'm just gonna spell myself out.
Cool, all right, and then yeah from there,
we have all these other commands.
We can just copy these in here if you
want, but basically we have one for
getting a new note, one for
getting all the notes, one for
finding a note by a search criteria.
One for removing a note by an id,
got this crazy one called Web,
which we'll launch a website
to see all of our notes.
And then the last one is just like,
delete everything, right?
So we're gonna add all of those and
I'm just gonna just paste them in cuz
they don't do anything right now.
You can grab them off
the notes website and boom.
So now we have all of those.
Like I said,
they don't really do anything,
I'm not really introducing
anything new here.
The only I guess that's slightly new
than what I've just talked about is just
one for port.
This one has square brackets around
it other than the angle brackets,
that just means it's optional.
Angle brackets means it's required, square
brackets means this is an option cuz I
have a default here if you don't pass it.
That's all that means.
So to verify that all that is
working I can just say note --help.
And there you go, there's all my commands.